Skc baremetal environment (#2023)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: etc/kayobe/environments/stackhpc-baremetal/README.rst

Baremetal Environment
=====================

This environment provides playbooks to automate the enrollment, inspection

> and cleaning of baremetal nodes.

Reviewer: I think this needs to be the instruction manual on how to use the environment, so I think it needs to cover:

- Example inventory, with some baremetal nodes in it
- Note that inventory might be generated from a spreadsheet or API (we have example python script from 6gai somewhere)
- Description of the flow: add node, checks BMC is up, goes to manageable, discover network ports using redfish inspection, then agent inspection to get lldp info, etc.
- Note: only redfish, iPXE/ipmi could be made to work if discovery DHCP is used to help boot agent inspector, and you don't use ironic managed boot for inspection.
- be clear on how you run the baremetal-all script
- be clear on how you modify your environment to include this one

Baremetal Environment
=====================

This environment provides playbooks to automate the enrollment, inspection
and cleaning of baremetal nodes in Ironic. It is designed to be idempotent
and safe to re-run.

The purpose of this environment is to enroll baremetal nodes in Ironic,

> verify the nodes BMC (redfish) connection, then perform refish and agent-based

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
verify that a connection can be made to the BMCs of the nodes using Redfish, then perform Redfish and agent-based
```

inspection, and finally clean the nodes and make them available.

Inventory
---------

> Baremetal nodes are defined in the inventory located ``stackhpc-baremetal/inventory/hosts`` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Baremetal nodes are defined in the inventory located ``stackhpc-baremetal/inventory/hosts`` file.
```

> This inventory can be hand-written or generated (eg from a python script).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This inventory can be hand-written or generated (e.g. from a Python script).
```

> Each nodes must have the required Ironic and Redfish variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each node must have the required Ironic and Redfish variables.
```

These variables can be set in ``inventory/group_vars/baremetal-redfish/ironic``

Enable the Environment
-----------------------

This environment is intended to be layered on top of a base Kayobe environment

> (e.g. ``ci-aio``), so that baremetal-specific defaults override those provided

Reviewer 3: I guess most people will be trying to layer it on to the default kayobe config for non-CI environments? Like production  sites etc?  It might be helpful to make the primary use case here?
